_training/code-kickstart.md, before:

---
title:    CoDe Kickstart
duration: One day
level:    System Architects, and Test-, Build- & Configuration Managers and technologists
caption:  Hit the ground running with your continuous delivery journey
type:     This seminar will get your team up and running with the continuous delivery mindset
location: On-site
avatar:   /images/training/code_kickstart_4x3.jpg
---
<br>

## Get your team up and running with the continuous delivery mindset
{: .subtitle}

### Sometimes getting started is the hard part
You probably have the same goals as us:

We know we want to have a streamlined, low-friction development process.
But sometimes it is hard to decide how to make that a reality.

Common questions we get from teams starting with Continuous Delivery are:

 - “What branching strategy should we use?”
 - “How do we automate this thing?”
 - "What is the right development process for our team?"

<br>

### So we created the Continuous Delivery and DevOps kickstart

The kickstart is a tool to help our customers __understand__ the techniques of CoDe and how to __apply__ them.

A Continuous Delivery and DevOps Seminar consists of two main parts:

* __Morning: Continuous Delivery in a nutshell__

* __Afternoon: Implementing Continuous Delivery__

<br>

### Continuous Delivery in a nutshell

- **Introduction to continuous delivery – A pragmatic implementation of agile principles** <br>
  What is continuous delivery and what’s the link to the principles of agile development?

- **A typical continuous delivery implementation** <br>
An introduction to concepts such as; pipelines, tool-stacks, branching strategies, code metrics, testing strategies, traceability, and much more.

- **The Continuous Delivery Maturity Model** <br>
We will go through the different signs that indicate maturity within the disciplines of Continuous Delivery.

- **The tool landscape** <br>
A survey of the tools available to aid the software development process.  We will discuss the different areas tools operate in, their strengths and weaknesses, and where we see the industry going.

<br>

### The workshop

__In the workshop we take a look at your current practices and find out what is important to your team.__ <br>
We construct a value stream of your development process and identify the tools and techniques that would apply to your context.
We then use this information to create a prioritized backlog of tasks for your team.


<img src="/images/services/assessment.JPG" alt="The workshop" style="width: 500px;"/>



{% include call_to_action.html %}

Commit message:

Removed mention of backlog from code kickstart

_training/code-kickstart.md, after:

---
title:    CoDe Kickstart
duration: One day
level:    System Architects, and Test-, Build- & Configuration Managers and technologists
caption:  Hit the ground running with your continuous delivery journey
type:     This seminar will get your team up and running with the continuous delivery mindset
location: On-site
avatar:   /images/training/code_kickstart_4x3.jpg
---
<br>

## Get the continuous delivery mindset for developers
{: .subtitle}

###  When getting started is the hard part
You probably have the same goals as us: a streamlined, low-friction development process.

But sometimes it is hard to decide how to make that a reality.

Common questions we get from teams starting with Continuous Delivery are:

 - “What branching strategy should we use?”
 - “How do we automate this thing?”
 - "What is the right development process for our team?"
 - "Is this tool right for us?"

<br>

### We created the Continuous Delivery and DevOps kickstart

The kickstart is a tool to help our customers __understand__ the techniques of CoDe and how to __apply__ them.

A Continuous Delivery and DevOps Seminar consists of two main parts:

* __Morning: Continuous Delivery in a nutshell__

* __Afternoon: Implementing Continuous Delivery__

<br>

### Continuous Delivery in a nutshell

- **Introduction to continuous delivery – A pragmatic implementation of agile principles** <br>
  What is continuous delivery and what’s the link to the principles of agile development?

- **A typical continuous delivery implementation** <br>
An introduction to concepts such as; pipelines, tool-stacks, branching strategies, code metrics, testing strategies, traceability, and much more.

- **The Continuous Delivery Maturity Model** <br>
We will go through the different signs that indicate maturity within the disciplines of Continuous Delivery.

- **The tool landscape** <br>
A survey of the tools available to aid the software development process.  We will discuss the different areas tools operate in, their strengths and weaknesses, and where we see the industry going.

<br>

### The workshop

__In the workshop we take a look at your current practices and find out what is important to your team.__ <br>
We construct a value stream of your development process and identify the tools and techniques that we would recommend to your context.

<img src="/images/services/assessment.JPG" alt="The workshop" style="width: 500px;"/>



{% include call_to_action.html %}
