---
title:      CoDer
caption:    We're hiring - are you a CoDer at heart?
avatar:     /images/about/jobs.png
tags:   [Jobs]
nav-weight: 40
---

## We're hiring - are you a CoDer at heart?

We abbreviate Continuous delivery as CoDe. _Co_ for Continuous and _De_ for delivery.

The position title we use is "Continuous Deliverer" or just plain "CoDer".
{: .highlight}

Right now we're experiencing massive growth and we are looking for more CoDers to join our ranks. 
If you have share our passion for creating world class development environments you might consider if you are destined for a new position with Praqma.
<!--break--> 
We have exciting new clients projects waiting for someone like you. 
You will be engaged in implementing full-fledged continuous delivery pipelines and automated quality assurance eco-systems at our clients, and you will be surrounded by colleagues who have the same passions for this domain as yourself. 
Joining us will feel like coming home.

We have offices in Allerød, Aarhus, Copenhagen, Oslo and Stockholm and we're hiring in all locations.

Skills we are looking for:

 * You have a thorough understanding of the build and release management process.
 * You have a thorough understanding of programming.
 * You have an unquenchable urge to automate everything (build, metrics, reporting, testing, deployment, server & client provisioning, documentation ...everything).
 * You know agile software development principles by heart.
 * You are familiar with open source, maybe you are already contributing to a community.
 * You are proud. You are good at what you do and you know your stuff - and still, you are improving.

Technologies (some, but not necessarily all of):

 * Build technologies, like Gradle, Maven, make,...
 * Jenkins CI, Git, GitHub/GitLab, Mercurial or other relevant Open Source technologies.
 * At least one, but most likely more scripting languages (Python, Groovy, Ruby, JavaScript,...)
 * Infrastructure technologies such as Vagrant, Docker, Chef, Puppet etc.
 * Cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Google Compute Engine
 * Atlassian's tool suite
 * IBM Rational's product suite
 * Microsoft's Team Foundation Server

What we can offer you:

 * A diverse range of projects and technologies to sink your teeth into
 * A client list of some of the most prestigious and ambitious software organizations in the region
 * A flexible working environment
 * Colleagues that share your passion for creating world class development environments

Send us your resumé and a cover letter explaining why you believe Praqma is all you.

jobs@praqma.net
