pages/training.md, before:

---
title: Training
permalink: /training/
nav-weight: 20
layout: training-index
---

# Training _by Praqma_{: .highlight}

## The content on this page
is edited in a seperate MarkDown File - It's not generated automatically.

##At Praqma we like to share.
We strive to change the world for the better, a little bit at a time.
And one of our favorite activities is teaching great Developers and Operations how to employ brilliant software.

As *certified training partners* within tool stacks such as **Docker** and **Atlassian** and as experts in **Jenkins CI** and **Git**, we can’t wait to help you build better, deploy faster and run smoother.




## No minim eripuit praesent mei, ne putent essent per, cu sea wisi

tation. An etiam elitr adipisci per. Vix cu mollis tamquam omnesque. Ei mei aperiri evertitur, te per eros torquatos. Diceret prodesset sea ea, ex nonumy possit persius ius. Denique molestiae accommodare quo ex, inani graeci scaevola ei vis, eam id facer omittam theophrastus.

## Nam id inermis phaedrum vituperata, ut erat vocent vis, sea amet

September 15 — 20
{: .date}

Commit message:

First run at the training page

pages/training.md, after:

---
title: Training
permalink: /training/
nav-weight: 20
layout: training-index
---

# Training _by Praqma_{: .highlight}

## Know your tools - learn the secrets
At Praqma we pride ourselves on being tool experts.  We don't just skim a howto
and get to work.  We demand to understand everything about the tools we use,
evaluate their strengths and weaknesses, test them in production-like
envrionments, and learn the best way to use them.

## At Praqma we like to share.
We strive to change the world for the better, a little bit at a time.
And one of our favorite activities is teaching great Developers and Operations
how best to employ brilliant software.

We have a bias towards **hands-on training** because we think the is best way
to learn, and also the most fun!  You can expect all of our classes to be
taught by our experts in an interactive, bring-your-laptop approach.

As *certified training partners* within tool stacks such as **Docker** and
**Atlassian** and as experts in **Jenkins CI** and **Git**, we can’t wait to
help you build better, deploy faster and run smoother.

# _Sharpen your knife skills with us!_{: .highlight}
